Ticket #211: finding unnecessary public functions in the Persistence Module (#320)
pokt-network/pocket: docs/development/FAQ.md

> # FAQ

Reviewer: In general, this should have been in a separate commit. 

No need to spend time changing anything here, but just a note for future reference: to the best of your ability, try to have different PRs for different topics. This is a goal we strive for but it'll never be perfect.

Author: Thanks for pointing out! I will follow that for future tasks.

> Common issues shared by the community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of common issues & resolutions shared by the V1 contributors
```

## Avoid redundant files from iCloud backup

> * **Issue**: when working on MacOS with iCloud backup turned on, redundant files could be generated in GitHub projects. (e.g. "file.go" and "file 2.go") Details can be found here in this [link](https://stackoverflow.com/a/62387243). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Issue**: when working on MacOS with iCloud backup turned on, redundant files could be generated in GitHub projects. (e.g. `file.go` and `file 2.go`) Details can be found here in [this link](https://stackoverflow.com/a/62387243). 
```

> * **Solution**: adding either add `.nosync` as suffix to the workspace folder, e.g. `pocket.nosync`. Or working in a folder that iCloud doesn't touch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Solution**: adding `.nosync` as suffix to the workspace folder, e.g. `pocket.nosync`. Alternative, working in a folder that iCloud doesn't touch also works.
```

> 

Reviewer: Please see / commit / review the suggestion above.

> ## Consider turning of the `gofmt` in your IDE to prevent unexpected formatting

Reviewer: This shouldn't be a header
```suggestion
_NOTE: Consider turning of the `gofmt` in your IDE to prevent unexpected formatting_
```

Author: Agree!
